Update GQLA Python graphs how to (#880)
memgraph/docs: gqlalchemy/under-the-hood/overview.md

---
id: overview
title: Under the hood
sidebar_label: Under the hood
slug: /under-the-hood
---

Look under the hood and have a glimpse at the inner workings of GQLAlchemy. If you

> are advanced GQLAlchemy users or graph database enthusiasts we hope you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are advanced GQLAlchemy user or graph database enthusiast we hope you will
```
